privacy policy apps
privacy policy

If you require any more information or have any questions about our privacy policy, 
please feel free to contact us 
by email at aldalilaaldalila8@gmail.com 

Browsers and web platforms :



At سليم محمد الرويلي we consider the privacy of our visitors to be extremely important. This privacy policy document describes in detail the types of personal information is collected and recorded by سليم محمد الرويلي and how we use it. 



Log Files :



Like many other Web sites, سليم محمد الرويلي makes use of log files. These files merely logs visitors to the site - usually a standard procedure for hosting companies and a part of hosting services's analytics. The information inside the log files includes internet protocol (IP) addresses, browser type, Internet Service Provider (ISP), date/time stamp, referring/exit pages, and possibly the number of clicks. This information is used to analyze trends, administer the site, track user's movement around the site, and gather demographic information. IP addresses, and other such information are not linked to any information that is personally identifiable. 



Cookies and Web Beacons :



سليم محمد الرويلي uses cookies to store information about visitors' preferences, to record user-specific information on which pages the site visitor accesses or visits, and to personalize or customize our web page content based upon visitors' browser type or other information that the visitor sends via their browser.



DoubleClick DART Cookie :



→ Google, as a third party vendor, uses cookies to serve ads on سليم محمد الرويلي.

→ Google's use of the DART cookie enables it to serve ads to our site's visitors based upon their visit to سليم محمد الرويلي and other sites on the Internet.

→ Users may opt out of the use of the DART cookie by visiting the Google ad and content network privacy policy at the following URL - http://www.google.com/privacy_ads.html

Our Advertising Partners

Some of our advertising partners may use cookies and web beacons on our site. Our advertising partners include..



While each of these advertising partners has their own Privacy Policy for their site, an updated and hyperlinked resource is maintained here: Privacy Policies.

You may consult this listing to find the privacy policy for each of the advertising partners of سليم محمد الرويلي.

These third-party ad servers or ad networks use technology in their respective advertisements and links that appear on سليم محمد الرويلي and which are sent directly to your browser. They automatically receive your IP address when this occurs. Other technologies (such as cookies, JavaScript, or Web Beacons) may also be used by our site's third-party ad networks to measure the effectiveness of their advertising campaigns and/or to personalize the advertising content that you see on the site.

سليم محمد الرويلي has no access to or control over these cookies that are used by third-party advertisers.



Third Party Privacy Policies :



You should consult the respective privacy policies of these third-party ad servers for more detailed information on their practices as well as for instructions about how to opt-out of certain practices. سليم محمد الرويلي's privacy policy does not apply to, and we cannot control the activities of, such other advertisers or web sites. You may find a comprehensive listing of these privacy policies and their links here: Privacy Policy Links.

If you wish to disable cookies, you may do so through your individual browser options. More detailed information about cookie management with specific web browsers can be found at the browsers' respective websites. What Are Cookies?

Children's Information

We believe it is important to provide added protection for children online. We encourage parents and guardians to spend time online with their children to observe, participate in and/or monitor and guide their online activity. سليم محمد الرويلي does not knowingly collect any personally identifiable information from children under the age of 13. If a parent or guardian believes that سليم محمد الرويلي has in its database the personally-identifiable information of a child under the age of 13, please contact us immediately (using the contact in the first paragraph) and we will use our best efforts to promptly remove such information from our records.



Online Privacy Policy Only:



This privacy policy applies only to our online activities and is valid for visitors to our website and regarding information shared and/or collected there. This policy does not apply to any information collected offline or via channels other than this website.



Consent:
By using our website, you hereby consent to our privacy policy and agree to its terms.

Update:
This Privacy Policy was last updated on: 14/07/2022.

Should we update, amend or make any changes to our privacy policy, those changes will be posted here.







Applications and platforms for all smart devices :



سليم محمد الرويلي has adopted this privacy policy (“Privacy Policy”) to explain how سليم محمد الرويلي collects, stores, and uses the information collected in connection with سليم محمد الرويلي’s Services.



BY INSTALLING, USING, REGISTERING TO OR OTHERWISE ACCESSING THE SERVICES, YOU AGREE TO THIS PRIVACY POLICY AND GIVE AN EXPLICIT AND INFORMED CONSENT TO THE PROCESSING OF YOUR PERSONAL DATA IN ACCORDANCE WITH THIS PRIVACY POLICY. IF YOU DO NOT AGREE TO THIS PRIVACY POLICY, PLEASE DO NOT INSTALL, USE, REGISTER TO OR OTHERWISE ACCESS THE SERVICES. سليم محمد الرويلي reserves the right to modify this Privacy Policy at reasonable times, so please review it frequently. If سليم محمد الرويلي makes material or significant changes to this Privacy Policy, سليم محمد الرويلي may post a notice on سليم محمد الرويلي website along with the updated Privacy Policy. Your continued use of Services will signify your acceptance of the changes to this Privacy Policy.



Non-personal data :



For purposes of this Privacy Policy, “non-personal data” means information that does not directly identify you. The types of non-personal data سليم محمد الرويلي may collect and use include, but are not limited to: application properties, including, but not limited to application name, package name and icon installed on your device. Your checkin (include like, recommendation) of a game will be disclosed to all سليم محمد الرويلي users.



سليم محمد الرويلي may use and disclose to سليم محمد الرويلي’s partners and contractors the collected non-personal data for purposes of analyzing usage of the Services, advertisement serving, managing and providing the Services and to further develop the Services and other سليم محمد الرويلي services and products.



You recognize and agree that the analytics companies utilized by سليم محمد الرويلي may combine the information collected with other information they have independently collected from other services or products relating to your activities. These companies collect and use information under their own privacy policies.



Personal Data :



For purposes of this Privacy Policy, “personal data” means personally identifiable information that specifically identifies you as an individual.



Personal information collected by سليم محمد الرويلي is information voluntarily provided to us by you when you create your account or change your account 



information. The information includes your facebook id, name, gender, location and your friends’id on facebook. سليم محمد الرويلي also stores your game checkins, likes, dislikes, recommendations and messages.



سليم محمد الرويلي may use collected personal data for purposes of analyzing usage of the Services, providing customer and technical support, managing and providing Services (including managing advertisement serving) and to further develop the Services and other سليم محمد الرويلي services and products. سليم محمد الرويلي may combine non-personal data with personal data.



Please note that certain features of the Services may be able to connect to your social networking sites to obtain additional information about you. In such cases, سليم محمد الرويلي may be able to collect certain information from your social networking profile when your social networking site permits it, and when you consent to allow your social networking site to make that information available to سليم محمد الرويلي. This information may include, but is not limited to, your name, profile picture, gender, user ID, email address, your country, your language, your time zone, the organizations and links on your profile page, the names and profile pictures of your social networking site “friends” and other information you have included in your social networking site profile. سليم محمد الرويلي may associate and/or combine as well as use information collected by سليم محمد الرويلي and/or obtained through such social networking sites in accordance with this Privacy Policy.



Disclosure and Transfer of Personal Data :



سليم محمد الرويلي collects and processes personal data on a voluntary basis and it is not in the business of selling your personal data to third parties. Personal data may, however, occasionally be disclosed in accordance with applicable legislation and this Privacy Policy. Additionally, سليم محمد الرويلي may disclose personal data to its parent companies and its subsidiaries in accordance with this Privacy Policy.



سليم محمد الرويلي may hire agents and contractors to collect and process personal data on سليم محمد الرويلي’s behalf and in such cases such agents and contractors will be instructed to comply with our Privacy Policy and to use personal data only for the purposes for which the third party has been engaged by سليم محمد الرويلي. These agents and contractors may not use your personal data for their own marketing purposes. سليم محمد الرويلي may use third party service providers such as credit card processors, e-mail service providers, shipping agents, data analyzers and business intelligence providers. سليم محمد الرويلي has the right to share your personal data as necessary for the aforementioned third parties to provide their services for سليم محمد الرويلي. 

سليم محمد الرويلي is not liable for the acts and omissions of these third parties, except as provided by mandatory law.



سليم محمد الرويلي may disclose your personal data to third parties as required by law enforcement or other government officials in connection with an investigation of fraud, intellectual property infringements, or other activity that is illegal or may expose you or سليم محمد الرويلي to legal liability. 

سليم محمد الرويلي may also disclose your personal data to third parties when سليم محمد الرويلي has a reason to believe that a disclosure is necessary to address potential or actual injury or interference with سليم محمد الرويلي’s rights, property, operations, users or others who may be harmed or may suffer loss or damage, or سليم محمد الرويلي believes that such disclosure is necessary to protect سليم محمد الرويلي ’s rights, combat fraud and/or comply with a judicial proceeding, court order, or legal process served on سليم محمد الرويلي. To the extent permitted by applicable law, سليم محمد الرويلي will make reasonable efforts to notify you of such disclosure through سليم محمد الرويلي’s website or in another reasonable manner.



Safeguards :



سليم محمد الرويلي follows generally accepted industry standards and maintains reasonable safeguards to attempt to ensure the security, integrity and privacy of the information in سليم محمد الرويلي’s possession. Only those persons with a need to process your personal data in connection with the fulfillment of their tasks in accordance with the purposes of this Privacy Policy and for the purposes of performing technical maintenance, have access to your personal data in سليم محمد الرويلي’s possession. Personal data collected by سليم محمد الرويلي is stored in secure operating environments that are not available to the public. To prevent unauthorized on-line access to personal data, سليم محمد الرويلي maintains personal data behind a firewall-protected server. However, no system can be 100% secure and there is the possibility that despite سليم محمد الرويلي’s reasonable efforts, there could be unauthorized access to your personal data. By using the Services, you assume this risk.



Other :



Please be aware of the open nature of certain social networking and other open features of the Services سليم محمد الرويلي may make available to you. You may choose to disclose data about yourself in the course of contributing user generated content to the Services. Any data that you disclose in any of these forums, blogs, chats or the like is public information, and there is no expectation of privacy or confidentiality. سليم محمد الرويلي is not responsible for any personal data you choose to make public in any of these forums.



If you are under 15 years of age or a minor in your country of residence, please ask your legal guardian’s permission to use or access the Services. سليم محمد الرويلي takes children’s privacy seriously, and encourages parents and/or guardians to play an active role in their children's online experience at all times. سليم محمد الرويلي does not knowingly collect any personal information from children below the aforementioned age and if سليم محمد الرويلي learns that سليم محمد الرويلي has inadvertently gathered personal data from children under the aforementioned age, سليم محمد الرويلي will take reasonable measures to promptly erase such personal data from سليم محمد الرويلي’s records.



سليم محمد الرويلي may store and/or transfer your personal data to its affiliates and partners in and outside of EU/EEA member states and the United States in accordance with mandatory legislation and this Privacy Policy. سليم محمد الرويلي may disclose your personal data to third parties in connection with a corporate merger, consolidation, restructuring, the sale of substantially all of سليم محمد الرويلي’s stock and/or assets or other corporate change, including, without limitation, during the course of any due diligence process provided, however, that this Privacy Policy shall continue to govern such personal data.



سليم محمد الرويلي regularly reviews its compliance with this Privacy Policy. If سليم محمد الرويلي receives a formal written complaint from you, it is سليم محمد الرويلي’s policy to attempt to contact you directly to address any of your concerns. سليم محمد الرويلي will cooperate with the appropriate governmental authorities, including data protection authorities, to resolve any complaints regarding the collection, use, transfer or disclosure of personal data that cannot be amicably resolved between you and سليم محمد الرويلي.



3rd party services :



We use 3rd party services in our apps. These services collect usage data in compliance with their Privacy Policies. The services are described below.



Advertising :



3rd party ad serving systems allow user data to be utilized for advertising communication purposes displayed in the form of banners and other advertisements on سليم محمد الرويلي apps, possibly based on user interests.



Admob :



We use Admob by Google as the main ad server. Please see Admob Privacy Policy – https://www.google.com/intl/en/policies/privacy/



Analytics :



3rd party analytics services allow us to monitor and analyze app usage, better understand our audience and user behavior.



Flurry :



We use Flurry Analytics to collect, monitor and analyze log data, including frequency of use, length of time spent in the app, in order to improve functionality and user-friendliness of our apps. Please see Flurry Privacy Policy – http://www.flurry.com/privacy-policy.html



Google Analytics :



Google Analytics is an analysis service provided by Google Inc. Google utilizes the collected data to track and examine the use of سليم محمد الرويلي Apps, to prepare reports on user activities and share them with other Google services. Google may use the data to contextualize and personalize the ads of its own advertising network. (http://www.google.com/intl/en/policies/privacy/)



Children’s Online Privacy Protection Act Compliance :



We are in compliance with the requirements of COPPA, we do not collect any personal information from anyone under 13 years of age. Our products and services are all directed to people who are at least 13 years old or older.



Contact Us :



Email : aldalilaaldalila8@gmail.com



Update:

This Privacy Policy was last updated on: 22/03/2022.

Should we update, amend or make any changes to our privacy policy, those changes will be posted here.
12:52
شمالي
privacy policy apps
privacy policy



If you require any more information or have any questions about our privacy policy, 

please feel free to contact us 
by email at aldalilaaldalila8@gmail.com 

Browsers and web platforms :
At سليم محمد الرويلي we consider the privacy of our visitors to be extremely important. This privacy policy document describes in detail the types of personal information is collected and recorded by سليم محمد الرويلي and how we use it. 



Log Files :



Like many other Web sites, سليم محمد الرويلي makes use of log files. These files merely logs visitors to the site - usually a standard procedure for hosting companies and a part of hosting services's analytics. The information inside the log files includes internet protocol (I

